quick tidy (#212)
cylc/cylc-doc: src/index.rst

distributed suites of interdependent cycling tasks that may continue to run
indefinitely.

.. warning::

>    Cylc8 is beta software that is not yet recommended for production use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Cylc 8 is beta software that is not yet recommended for production use.
```
